{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green26\blue28;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12157\c13333\c14510;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl300\slmult1\slminimum450\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 I have always been fascinated by computers, for as long as I can remember. At the time (early 2000s) all you could do was inspect website code and see what other developers were doing to learn from their mistakes and make your own. Learning how to code changed the trajectory of my life forever. When I first started my career one of the appeals was being able to help small businesses leverage a website to earn them the trust of their audience which in turn meant more revenue and helped their businesses thrive, standing the test of time. During my years as a web designer and working in the digital marketing space where there is a frequent change in technology available such as using tools like online bill pay, so did my interest in online risk.
\fs32 \cf0 \

\fs30 \cf2 I borrowed my first book \'93HACKING the art of exploitation\'94. I was encouraged by colleagues to pursue my journey. Being a student of life it was difficult to ignore that this was something I was passionate about, and wanted to learn more so I enrolled in SDSU\'92s cybersecurity Bootcamp which I completed in July 2023 .\

\fs32 \cf0 \

\fs30 \cf2 As I embark on this new and exciting path, these are a few skills I will bring with me that I believe will be an asset to any organization. I have a strong understanding of multiple programming languages, the importance of syntax and keeping up my knowledge in relevant tools and frameworks. I am most praised for my time management skills and ability to stay on task which allows me to balance multiple tasks at once without sacrificing quality. I can identify and correct inefficiencies quickly; an example of this in a previous role included identifying a list of over 260 clients who were in most cases actively billing but websites were not yet live, I presented and proposed a course of action to the executives and began working with each account over the course of 6 months to save revenue potentially at risk. By the end of the year I had successfully saved 240 accounts from risk of cancellation, and with honesty and integrity at the forefront was able to rebuild relationships with clients who felt taken advantage of. I was also responsible for QA\'92s on change requests/website edits due to my keen eye for spotting mistakes.\

\fs32 \cf0 \

\fs30 \cf2 My goals have evolved in the past 12 years as a liking for reviewing data, identifying trends and working to implement solutions have become an area of importance to me. As I shift my career into cybersecurity I have learned that there are several areas where creative thinking can be utilized and can be seen as a unique skill set in the space. I look forward to applying my unique skill set in the future and learning from my colleagues and peers as I work to fine tune my skills in cybersecurity.
\fs32 \cf0 \
}